We're able to display the quote here. Next, I want to implement the method to add new quotes, now for that,
I'll first add a new component,
the NewQuote.vue file. I'll copy the code from the quote grid here and insert it there
and now how should this behave or what do we need in this new quote file?
Well first of all I don't need to import the quote,
second, I don't need props and I won't have components in there too,
so let's empty this object for now.
Now what shall we have in the template?
I want to have a row and in this row, I also want to have a div with a class of col-sm-8 and some offsetting
for nice or styling, col-sm-offset-2, col-xs-12, col-md-6 and col-md-offset-3.
Now that is all brand new to you, that are just some bootstrap styles to make the grid look possibly as good
as possible on all different device sizes and widths mainly.
So inside here, I want to have my label quote and I want to have my text area,
now for that to work, I need to wrap everything here
in a form.
Now we have learned about forms and I will come to them in the next course module,
here is a very very simple preview,
it's not that hard.
So we have our default html form tag with our column in there, with the quote label and the text area
field and that text area gets a class of form control, bootstrap styling and on the wrapping div, we have
a form group,
also a bootstrap style here,
a bootstrap class to give this some nice styling. On that text area,
I want to set up three rows so that's a normal html attribute
and then I will bind it with two-way binding to quote,
this is how you work with forms in vuejs, you use that
v-model thing and I'll come back to this in the next course section.
We already learned about two-way binding though so it should be rather easy to understand what's happening
here,
we need to set up this data function, return an object and in this object here, there we want to bind
or we want to set up this quote property which is empty string initially to which we're binding
from the text area,
so this will get set whenever we enter something here in this text area.
Well that's one thing,
the second thing is I'll copy this column here and in there,
I only want to have a button with the button and button primary bootstrap classes attached to it where
I say add quote. Now on there,
I simply want to add the click listener and say create new, execute this method and I will add the prevent
modifier to prevent the default behavior because I don't want to submit the form, I don't want to send a request
to the server, that will reload the page,
I don't want that.
Instead I want to prevent the default and only execute the create new method which I'll now add here in
the methods key or object,
here I'll have my create new method, ES6 style and in there, all I want to do is I want to emit this
new quote.
Now we solved that before
but I'll come back to this in the next video you when I finally will send
the quote created here to the parent component.